bpo-26205: Specify the number of nested scopes (#21324)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/classes.rst

name attempts to find the name in the namespace.

Although scopes are determined statically, they are used dynamically. At any

> time during execution, At any time during execution, there are various nested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time during execution, At any time during execution, there are 3 or 4 nested
```
The list that follows has 4, 1 of which is only conditionally present, making 3 or 4.  I said more on the issue.
